This application is a virtual tour guide to museums whose themes are exhibits and technology settings. It offers the following set of functionalities:<br>    • Visitor login and registration<br>    • Overview of existing museum settings and their exhibits<br>    • Add desired exhibits to the tour planner<br>    • Create and modify tours from the planner<br>    • Cancellation of scheduled tours<br>    • Remove canceled tours from the planner<br>    • Evaluating and commenting on the exhibits after the tour<br>    • Edit the user profile, which includes records of favorite     types of settings and exhibits<br>    • Talk to a smart agent to get information about settings and exhibits based on their categories/types, names and descriptions. <br><br>This application is a prototype, so it has only a front-end implemented in the Angular v12.1.4 framework, while the backend is simulated using a NodeJS server and the data is stored in JSON format. The application is implemented in MVC architecture and has the following structure: <br>    1. Modules<br>        • App - Root module of each Angular project, it calls all other modules and components used in the project<br>        • Material - Angular Material module that imports all necessary materials from the <br>@angular/material package.<br>        • Router - The module responsible for routing, ie. navigating through the pages (components) of the application.<br>        • Planner - A specially designed module that manages the Component Planner, it was separated due to the use of "CalendarMonthViewComponent" which contains a class for working with the calendar that is different from the built-in (used in the App) module, thus resolving the conflict. <br>     2. Components<br>        • App - Root component of the application, which also contains a navigation toolbar.<br>        • Login - Responsible for forwarding login parameters.<br>        • Registration - Responsible for registering new visitors.<br>        • Profile - Responsible for displaying and modifying visitor data.<br>        • Exhibitions - Responsible for displaying both settings and exhibits. It also contains the logic for creating new tours in the planner.<br>        • Planer - Responsible for viewing and editing tours.<br>     3. Models<br>        • Exhibit - Contains an interface for displaying exhibits.<br>        • Exhibition - Contains an interface for displaying settings.<br>        • PlanerInstance - Contains an interface for displaying the planner tour.<br>        • Review - Contains an interface for displaying reviews of exhibits of completed tours.<br>        • Tour - Contains a tour display interface.<br>        • Visitor - Contains an interface for displaying visitor data. <br>    4. Services<br>        • Crypto - A service that provides AES password encryption service.<br>        • Exhibition - A service that provides information on exhibit settings and reviews.<br>        • Login - A service that communicates with the back-end and performs the process of logging visitors.<br>        • Registration - A service that communicates with the back-end and performs the process of registering new visitors.<br>        • Tour - A service that delivers and updates visitor tour data.<br>        • Visitor - A service that delivers and updates visitor data.<br><br>NOTE: Application uses DialogFlow Messanger for smart agent, necessary steps to setup is as follows:<br>    1. Start the webhook server located on the path /src/app/bot-backend by entering the command "node index.js" (note the required node module packages are already in the folder). The webhook operates on port 21683.<br>    2. Activate ngrok (https://ngrok.com/) by entering the command ngrok http 21683. (Note to use ngrok you need to have account, you can use your Google or GitHub).<br>    3. Import the smart agent dialogflow using the [Smart_Agent_Dialogflow_Export.zip](https://singimail-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/marko_dojkic_18_singimail_rs/EWpxLX84Tf5Ole5eAwfsvTsBt4SVvWiGugnxSh9ncloy5Q?e=ypw0ZQ) file to your dialogflow account.<br>    4. Enter the https link obtained by ngrok as the Fulfillment Webhook URL.<br><br>Note: It is possible that the webhook server will stop working after entering a few messages for a reason unknown to me, in which case it is enough to restart webhook server.